Text::Hyphen is copyright (c) 2004 Austin Ziegler

Licensing for Text::Hyphen is unfortunately complex because of the various
copyrights and licences of the source hyphenation files. Some of these files
are available only under the TeX licence and others are available only under
the GNU GPL while others are public domain. Each language file has these
licences embedded within the file. Please consult each file's licence to
ensure that it is compatible with your application.

The copyright on the Text::Hyphen application/library and the Ruby
translations of hyphenation files belongs to Austin Ziegler. All other
copyrights on original versions still stand; Text::Hyphen is a derivative
work of these and other projects.

Application and Compilation Licences
------------------------------------
Text::Hyphen, the application/library is licensed under the same terms as
Ruby. Note that this specifically refers to the contents of bin/hyphen,
lib/text/hyphen.rb, and lib/text/hyphen/language.rb.

Individual language hyphenation files are NOT licensed under these terms, but
under the following MIT-style licence and the original hyphenation pattern
licenses. The copyright for the original TeX hyphenation files is held by the
original authors; any mistakes in conversion of these files to Ruby is
attributable to the contributors to the Text::Hyphen package only.

The compilation package Text::Hyphen is licensed under the same terms as Ruby.

Blanket Language Hyphenation File Licence
-----------------------------------------
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
