Text::Hyphen is copyright (c) 2004 Austin Ziegler

Application and Compilation Licences
------------------------------------
Text::Hyphen, the application and the combined application and the language
hyphenation files, is licensed under the same terms as Ruby (Ruby's license and
the GPL).

Individual language hyphenation files are NOT licensed under the GPL, but under
the following MIT-style licence and the original hyphenation pattern licenses.
The copyright for the original TeX hyphenation files is held by the original
authors; any mistakes in conversion of these files to Ruby is attributable to
the contributors to the Text::Hyphen library only.

Blanket Language Hyphenation File Licence
-----------------------------------------
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
